DOCSP-36060-fix-typo (#869)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/limit.txt

The following example queries the collection to return the top three

> longest books. It matches all the documents with the query, applies

Reviewer: Suggestion: I think this is a little clearer
```suggestion
longest books. It finds all documents that match the query, applies
```

> a descending ``sort`` on the ``length`` field to longer books before
> shorter books, and then applies a ``limit`` to return only the ``3``
> first results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a descending ``sort`` on the ``length`` field to return longer books before
shorter books, and then applies a ``limit`` to return only the ``3``
first results:
```

Author: oops
